Document RISC-V following Itanium C++ ABI for C++ mangling rule. (#194)
riscv/riscv-elf-psabi-doc: riscv-elf.md

	* [Named ABIs](#named-abis)
	* [Default ABIs](#default-abis)
	* [Code models](#code-models)
3. [C/C++ type details](#c-types)
	* [C/c++ type sizes and alignments](#c-type-sizes)

> 	* [C/c++ type representations](#c-type-representation)

Reviewer: Capital C for C++

Author: Fixed.

argument according to the size of the given type, taking into account the
rules about 2&times;XLEN aligned arguments being passed in "aligned" register pairs.

## <a name=c++-mangling></a>C++ Mangling for types

> C++ Mangling for RISC-V are following [Itanium C++ ABI](http://itanium-cxx-abi.github.io/cxx-abi/), there are no RISC-V

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
C++ Mangling for RISC-V is following the [Itanium C++ ABI](http://itanium-cxx-abi.github.io/cxx-abi/), there are no RISC-V
```

> C++ name mangling for RISC-V is following the [Itanium C++ ABI](http://itanium-cxx-abi.github.io/cxx-abi/), there are no RISC-V

Reviewer: ```suggestion
C++ name mangling for RISC-V follows the [Itanium C++ ABI](http://itanium-cxx-abi.github.io/cxx-abi/); there are no RISC-V
```

> specific mangling rule.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
specific mangling rules.
```

See [Type encodings](http://itanium-cxx-abi.github.io/cxx-abi/abi.html#mangling-type)

> for more detail of how to mangling a type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
for more detail of how to mangle a type.
```

> for more detail of how to mangle a type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for more detail on how to mangle types.
```
